Update README.md (#270)
rancher/k3k: README.md

```bash
k3kcli cluster create mycluster
```

> > [!NOTE] Creating a K3k Cluster on a Rancher-Managed Host Cluster

Reviewer: It looks like Github doesn't support this customization (yet?), sorry @jp-gouin :cry: 

Something like this should be ok though:

```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> **Creating a K3k Cluster on a Rancher-Managed Host Cluster**
```

> > [!NOTE] 
> > Creating a K3k Cluster from a host cluster accessed through Rancher
> >
> >If your host cluster is accessed throught **Rancher**
> >    (e.g the `server` value in the `kubeconfig` looks like `server: "https://<rancher_url>/k8s/clusters/abc"`.).
> > 
> >Then use the `--kubeconfig-server` flag while creating the cluster so that the generated kubeconfig use the proper endpoint.
> > 
> >`k3kcli cluster create --kubeconfig-server <host_node_ip/host_lb_ip> mycluster`

Reviewer: Thanks! What do you think about changing it to something like this?

```suggestion
> [!NOTE] Creating a K3k Cluster on a Rancher-Managed Host Cluster
>
> If your *host* Kubernetes cluster is managed by Rancher (e.g., your kubeconfig's `server` address includes a Rancher URL), use the `--kubeconfig-server` flag when creating your K3k cluster:
> 
> ```bash
> k3kcli cluster create --kubeconfig-server <host_node_IP_or_load_balancer_IP> mycluster
> ```
> 
> This ensures the generated kubeconfig connects to the correct endpoint.
```
